Update README.md (#3524)
surveyjs/survey-creator: README.md

- Native support for React and Knockout
- Integration of the Knockout version into Angular, Vue, and jQuery applications
- Built-in themes and CSS customization
- TypeScript support
- [Community-supported UI localization to 25+ languages](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Survey-Creator?id=localization)
- [Integration with any backend framework](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Survey-Creator?id=integration-with-backend) (examples for PHP, NodeJS, and ASP.NET included)

> - A dynamic, data-driven approach using industry-standard JSON as common ground: your entire form is defined as a data model (a ‘schema’) written in JSON, and form UI is built automatically from templates using the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A dynamic, data-driven approach that uses industry-standard JSON as common ground: your entire form is defined as a data model (a "schema") written in JSON, and a form UI is built automatically from templates using this model.
```
